[PLAY-239] Add keyboard to oembed parameters (#737)
vimeo/player.js: README.md

controls    | `true`   | This parameter will hide all elements in the player (play bar, sharing buttons, etc) for a chromeless experience. ⚠️Warning: When using this parameter, the play bar and UI will be hidden. To start playback for your viewers, you'll need to either enable autoplay or use our player SDK to start and control playback. (available to Plus, PRO, or Business members)
dnt         | `false`  | Block the player from tracking any session data, including cookies.
height      |          | The exact height of the video. Defaults to the height of the largest available version of the video.

> keyboard    | `true`   | Allows for keyboard clicks to trigger player events. If false, will disable keyboard activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keyboard    | `true`   | Allows for keyboard input to trigger player events. If false, will ignore keyboard input.
```

Small nit, but "input" or "events" might make more sense than "clicks". Might also be worth leaving a note as well that tabbing will still be supported when keyboard input/events are disabled.

loop        | `false`  | Play the video again when it reaches the end.
maxheight   |          | Same as height, but video will not exceed the native size of the video.
maxwidth    |          | Same as width, but video will not exceed the native size of the video.
muted       | `false`  | Mute this video on load. Required to autoplay in certain browsers.
pip         | `false`   | Show the picture-in-picture button in the controlbar and enable the picture-in-picture API.
playsinline | `true`   | Play video inline on mobile devices, to automatically go fullscreen on playback set this parameter to `false`.
portrait    | `true`   | Show the portrait on the video.
quality     |          | Vimeo Plus, PRO, and Business members can default an embedded video to a specific quality on desktop. Possible values: `4K`, `2K`, `1080p`, `720p`, `540p`, `360p` and `240p` https://help.vimeo.com/hc/en-us/articles/224983008-Setting-default-quality-for-embedded-videos

> responsive  | `false`  | Resize according their parent element (experimental)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
responsive  | `false`  | Resize according to the parent element (experimental)
```
